---
layout: post
title:  "Manjaro Linux"
date:   2015-03-12
desc: "Manjaro Linux, an easier Arch solution."
keywords: "linux,OS,distro"
categories: [Linux]
tags: [manjaro]
icon: fa-linux
---

# Manjaro Linux, An Easier Arch Linux Solution


After spending a couple of years using Arch Linux off and on I eventually found out about Manjaro Linux. Manjaro is a distrobution based off Arch but includes all the sugar and spice and is configured to go right away. Just like Ubuntu or Mint. Their two major flavors are XFCE and KDE but you can find other versions as well. The best part is that since it's based off Arch that means access to the AUR repository as well as the extensive Arch wiki for help.

### Windows 10?


Whether it's because of privacy concerns or perhaps some of the cosmetic changes some people have opted not to upgrade to Windows 10 and are looking for other solutions. Linux is a viable solution these days and has been for a couple of years now. It's not just Ubuntu or Mint either. There are many linux distrobutions that can do it all from gaming to music production as well as web and graphics work of coarse. There's no need to cling to Windows or be stuck with Mac OS X anymore. Although the latter can be more difficult to get away from depending on your current software usage.

### Check It Out!


If you haven't tried linux yet then you should really give Manjaro a try. If it doesn't suit you then try Ubuntu or Mint but I'm sure once you try Manjaro you'll have no reason to look elsewhere. I don't work for Manjaro or work on the project at all I just love using it!

**_Brandon_**
